This project describe how to download, build and run examples quickly on your machine.

=== Prerequisites ===

 * Java 5 or greater installed 
 * Maven 2.0.x or greater installed 
 
=== Details ===

First, on your local machine make a directory where you will get the three modules of the project. Let's call it {{{wicket-ext-all}}}.

Go in {{{wicket-ext-all}}} and write the following command:
{{{
svn checkout http://wicket-ext.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ .
}}}

_(Please note the command ends with a dot character)_.


_(Of course if you have rights to write use https instead of the readonly http)_.


This will create and download the following project modules
  * *wicket-ext* _the project core module_
  * *wicket-ext-bundle* _contains the Extjs resources, this is released only to run examples and you should use your Ext resource bundle in your implementation_  
  * *wicket-ext-examples* _the example components gallery_

Now from the project root make a simple {{{mvn clean install}}}. Everything will build and tested!  

To launch examples, go into {{{wicket-ext-examples}}} and make a {{{mvn jetty:run-exploded}}}, it works like a charm, when it finish open your browser at the following address http://localhost:8080/wicket-ext-examples/ .. enjoy!

To create all files required by eclipse just do a {{{mvn eclipse:clean eclipse:m2eclipse}}} from the project root.

Then open Eclipse and import the three modules as Maven projects. That's all!

Well, more of that, the pom.xml of {{{wicket-ext-superpom}}} has all properties that define which version of Wicket is used and so on. 

== Using wicket-ext in a project ==

Now to use {{{wicket-ext}}} in a maven project, using transitive dependencies, simply add:

{{{
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.wicketstuff</groupId>
  <artifactId>wicket-ext-bundle</artifactId>
  <version>${project.version}</version>
</dependency>
}}} 

here for the moment ${project.version} is {{{0.6.2-SNAPSHOT}}}.