= Getting Started =

This project describe how to download, build and run examples quickly on your machine.

== Prerequisites ==

 * Java 5 or greater installed 
 * Maven 2.0.x or greater installed 
 
== Details ==

First, on your local machine make a directory where you will get the two parts of the project. Let's call it {{{wicket-ext-all}}}.

Go in {{{wicket-ext-all}}} and make the two commands:
  * svn co http://wicket-ext.googlecode.com/svn/branches/newMavenLayout wicket-ext
  * svn co http://wicket-ext-bundle.googlecode.com/svn/branches/newMavenLayout wicket-ext-bundle

_(Name of the {{{wicket-ext-bundle}}} directory is very important, don't change it)_.

_(Of course if you have rights to write use https instead of the readonly http)_.



This will create the two directories for the two parts of the project. Now you can go inside {{{wicket-ext}}} and make a simple {{{mvn clean install}}}. Everything will build and test! ({{{wicket-ext-bundle}}} is view as a module from {{{wicket-ext}}}). 

To create all files needed by eclipse just do a {{{mvn eclipse:clean eclipse:m2eclipse}}} from the same place.

To launch examples, go into {{{wicket-ext-examples}}} and make a {{{mvn jetty:run-exploded}}}, it works like a charm, when it finish open your browser at the following address http://localhost:8080/wicket-ext-examples/ .. enjoy!

Well, more of that, the pom.xml of {{{wicket-ext-superpom}}} has all properties that define which version of wicket is used and so on. 

== Using wicket-ext in a project ==

Now to use {{{wicket-ext}}} in a maven project, using transitive dependencies, simply add:

{{{
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.wicketstuff</groupId>
  <artifactId>wicket-ext-bundle</artifactId>
  <version>${project.version}</version>
</dependency>
}}} 

here for the moment ${project.version} is {{{0.6.1-newMavenLayout-SNAPSHOT}}}.

This is surely not perfect for the moment, I'm waiting for your comments ;)